Failure is probably the fortification in your pole. It is like a peek your wallet as the thief, when you are thinking how to spend several hard-won lepta, when you are wondering whether new money, it has laid background. Because of you, then at the heart of the most lax, alert, and most low awareness, and left it godsend failed.
Success and failure is and walkers. When you experience the enjoyment of victory, success and failure in the far away from you hide the corner, or wait in the waiting outside, you consider it. Therefore, when one victory, enjoying the mood of the holiday, the more times, when the attack is over failure. The former, the latter more lax degree will succeed. The former, the latter will not slack away a shot harvest it "success". Who is to come, success and failure in the "twin", manipulation, and stand, vigorous... Step after of the road of life.
To climb up from the failure is difficult to climb up, and the power of the size is. Power comes from the failure on the judgment, is a small, can immediately return to, Or a devastating blow, it seems inevitable? Two types of power failures brought huge difference is. Some people can put small record as the sky falls down on me, also some people put a defeat as unusual. On the other hand is people often say with confidence, perseverance continues the big and small.
With the success of a handshake, must be in adaptive failure "development" extremely good on the people. Because of the failure to undefended and, for everyone is roughly equal, almost anyone can stand, the so-called "tiger and nod. Therefore, the ultimate success, is under the big failure, small failure, devastating failure, general failures, all can climb up, then went he stated goals. While most people, it is a big fall in failure, small failure, fundamental failure, general failure, not long before the fell. Thus, the final differences in here.
So in the face of failure, consider the quality of a person that ability is minor, the most important is to look for his failure of the current state of reaction, climb up that length of time. It's a bit like brutal competition - boxing, or ruling, not only see the athletes, but also skills once koed after getting up is only. So it is commonplace, perseverance, courage, and most can tumbled in the timing is manifested by failure down.
It is easy to understand in the victory of the people standing peak, why less and less. This is because they were down before he has clearly see the "failure", but the shadow of the early fortification, This is because, really, they are failures down after restores the physical strength and courage of time is very short. These two, a number of bites than others, will climb up after the overthrow of speed will be faster than others. Therefore, they stood at the top of the time is earlier than others and longer than others.
You know what? Want to do what?